[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Nadia and the rest
of our heroes crash-landed
right in the middle
of an African village.
It was there
that they met Hamahama
with whom Nadia
quickly fell madly in love.
This upset Jean terribly.
Meanwhile, King ran into trouble
when he was captured
by treasure-seeking scavengers
who had set up
camp near the village.
The scavengers immediately
demanded the treasures
in exchange for
King's safe return.
What will
happen to the poor lion?
Has Nadia found a new love?
The next 24 hours
hold all the answers.
In the meantime, make yourself
more useful, Hamahama.
Why not dust
off my treasures, eh?
I know that voice.
Who is it?
He hasn't changed a bit.
Miss Grandis,
don't let them see you.
I'll never forget Gonzalez.
[both] Gonzalez?
-Hey, wait.
-[Grandis groans]
Well, isn't this a surprise?
You're Grandis Granva,
aren't you?
I never
expected to find you here.
You lose contact with a dear one
and then she turns up
right in the middle of Africa.
Good heavens,
is she an old friend of yours?
Must be. She sure looks like
she knows you.
Oh, she was just
one of my earlier exploits.
She simply adores me.
[laughs] Right?
[trembles]
Eat lead!
What's wrong?
Oh, I was just reminiscing.
[laughs]
It's about that man, right?
I'm the most unfortunate
woman in the world.
I try to put the past behind me
and then it finds me,
it finds me right here in Africa
and it seems to have found
a pair of girls to
hang on his arms
just to make bad matters worse.
Passionate love
has turned to hatred.
Can it be?
Could I still love him?
I've been learning a lot
about how a woman acts
-when she's in love.
-Huh?
A woman's heart
is much like the hot water
pouring out of this showerhead.
Sometimes, it can cool off
and sometimes
it gets so boiling hot
you can't touch it.
It flows from
a cold to a hot temperature
according to the laws of nature.
And just like that,
I will flow into
the arms of my love.
[chuckles]
[gasping]
Would you please
be careful for once?
We were almost scalded in here.
Hmm? [laughs]
Oh.
Is that better?
Stop staring.
I feel sad for him.
[Hanson] Well, now that
the Gratan is up and running,
what do you say
we go rescue King?
Here's a question.
How can Miss Granva and Nadia
take a nice leisurely bath
at the moment
that King's very life
hangs over the precipice?
I tell you, quite honestly,
I just don't believe those two.
Well, you have to understand
Miss Grandis' situation.
Our enemy is the first man
she has ever loved.
That's most unfortunate.
And that's what
our real problem is,
what if she falls in
love with him all over again?
But how could she do that?
Her current hatred
is rooted in past love.
I hope she doesn't succumb
to that old disease.
I must arrange
a meeting with him.
Huh?
Regardless of
our sordid past together,
Gonzalez and I
have known each other longer
than anyone else we know now.
And since I've become so
beautiful since he last saw me,
he'll want to speak with me
for say 15 minutes.
But he's awfully good
at deceiving people, you know?
Two can play at that game
and those harlots will
not beat me at my specialty.
You're right.
While you distract him,
-Hamahama will rescue King.
-[laughs]
So we don't have to do
anything?
We don't have to do anything?
I guess not. Hamahama
is going to rescue King.
Did Nadia make that decision?
[Jean] Hmm.
Don't let it discourage you yet,
little fella.
Nadia is so determined to deny
the superiority of science
that we have got
to prove her wrong here.
Right. She can't make us give up
like that, Jean.
We are going to show her.
We are going to rescue King
from Gonzalez' clutches
before Hamahama
even has a chance
to get close to that trailer.
And then when she's seen
the power of science at work,
she'll take back everything
she's ever thought
and look at you in a whole
different light, because--
Because Jean never takes
second place to Hamahama.
[dramatic music playing]
That's right.
Just you wait, Nadia.
[speaking in Gullah]
-What's happening?
-Our treasure is damaged.
But that's a can
of food, Hamahama.
It's not just a can of food,
it's a very
important can of food.
Oh, my goodness.
[Nadia] King
must have done this.
You know what,
Gonzalez has done this to you
and he should be
ashamed of himself
for eating the treasure
of your village, Hamahama.
King doesn't have much time.
We've got to rescue him.
Grandis is gone?
Shouldn't we be rescuing King
right now?
She isn't in the tent either.
-Can it be?
-Oh, not with him.
[both] She's
fallen for him again.
[birds chirping]
[instrumental music playing]
[Gonzalez] Why
don't you have a seat
while we enjoy our little chat?
[Grandis] I have
nothing to say to you.
Give me the lion cub
right now, Gonzalez.
Lion cub?
Oh, you mean the chap tied
to the crossbeams?
He can leave as soon
as they deliver the treasure
which they must do
because they can't allow
their guardian animal to perish.
You see my dear lady,
I'm not such an evil
man after all.
[trembles]
Bravo again, Mr. Gonzalez.
It is a brilliant plan.
That treasure will be ours
within the hour.
[Nadia] But how
will just the two of us
be able to rescue
King from Gonzalez?
We're a tribe
that has never been defeated
and we're not
going to start now.
So, don't worry, Nadia,
they're no match for us.
What is this
treasure you want so badly
and why is it worth
all of this effort?
What?
But I was sure you'd come here
to take it for yourself.
Is it really
something wonderful, Gonzalez?
[laughs]
[snaps finger]
[instrumental music playing]
[soft chuckle]
[chuckles]
Well...
shall we drink to
your eyes once again?
[wine trickling]
[Grandis] Excellent.
Now all I have to
do is play for time,
which should give Nadia
the perfect opportunity
to whisk King away.
[Jean] We'll be
out of the forest soon.
Boy, if the balloon
was working properly,
we could come up
with a much better plan.
How are we going to rescue
that poor little guy?
This is no time
for cunning plans.
-You mean?
-We're gonna charge.
[laughs]
-[engine revving]
-[Hanson whines]
I wonder if Grandis is in there
with Gonzalez yet.
I think I should go by myself
from here on out,
so you wait here.
[Nadia] Uh, maybe I could act
as your decoy.
My what?
I will go in there
and draw Gonzalez' attention
and then you can rescue King.
Nadia...
Just do it, okay?
Yes.
[Grandis] You mean
there's a pillar of silver
and it's in that village?
I will be
the richest man in Europe.
Correction, the richest man
in all the world once I have it!
Silver pillar?
Richest man in the world?
Oh, my dear Grandis.
Can you believe how young
we were back then?
All that I have ever wished for
in this wretched world is money.
And why not?
With it, I can have
anything else I want as well.
I've lived in splendor
but I'm still poor.
Of all the great
treasures in the world,
I lost the greatest
one ten years ago.
Do you know
what that treasure was?
[gasping]
It was you, my sweet.
Oh, Gonzalez.
[Gonzalez] Let us
forget our unfortunate past.
Let's change our Penny Dreadful
into a storybook romance.
What are you doing?
I was being, uh--I was trying
to distract his attention.
You wretch.
I can't believe
you would betray us like this.
-[trembles]
-And who are you?
That's none of
your business, you villain.
[screams]
[clamoring]
She's dead ahead.
Hey! What happened?
Everything just went away.
[Hamahama] King.
King.
Let's get out of here.
[screaming]
Shh! Quiet!
Don't let them hear you!
[vehicle approaches]
Hmm? Hey!
Where did the Gratan's balloon
come from?
-That's one of my stitches!
-Good girl!
Why is it blocking our view?
Look, if it's blocking our view,
how do we know what
we're charging towards, Sanson?
Blast! Blast!
Well, I guess that does it.
This rescue
mission is hereby canceled!
[Nadia] It's beyond me
how a man like that
could be your first love.
From larceny to extortion
to theft and now
outright kidnapping!
You'll commit
any crime, won't you?
Oh, no. I merely collect
wondrous treasures
from the heart of
the Dark Continent. [munches]
So that less-traveled people
may learn more about Africa.
I'm really a public servant.
Such remarkable artifacts.
They're easy to come by.
A little, shall we say,
negotiation is all you need.
-That's the modern way.
-[both grunts]
Oh, Mr. Gonzalez,
you're such a dandy!
You're so wonderful. [chuckles]
[Ayerton]
Gonzalez is a gifted conman
which makes
him a crafty opponent
but all he has for backup
are two young women.
That decidedly
gives us the upper hand
when we confront him.
Now then,
Grandis, Nadia, and King
are currently being held captive
inside Gonzalez' armored vehicle
on the hill.
Now what if--
are you listening?
What if Gonzalez discovers
what King has done,
that his precious treasure
has been eaten by him?
What would his reaction
to that be? Perhaps...
[grunts]
[laughter]
[screams]
[Ayerton] That's
just one example.
Something dreadful could happen.
But not just to
King, to the ladies, too.
Particularly Grandis.
Her fate could be
the worst of them all.
She's being held by
her first love who betrayed her.
He could deceive her once again!
She could fall for that
desiccated middle-aged man
once more.
She could be in his arms
even as we speak!
No!
-[slams hand on table]
-He will pay!
Pay, pay, pay, pay, pay, pay,
pay, pay, pay, pay!
-[Sanson] Calm down.
-That's it now.
We understand
how you feel, Ayerton.
Huh? You can't
understand how I feel!
[yells]
Nobody can understand me!
I will rescue her!
The villagers
will soon deliver it
and they will do
so to save your lives.
You should see that as an honor.
Nobody's ever going to bring you
that treasure.
Huh? What did you say?
Because there isn't any more
treasure to bring.
You should never con
a con artist, little girl.
But it's true!
The treasure was just an
ordinary can of food, you cad!
It was completely worthless!
[gasps]
You should learn to tell
better lies than that, love.
I could teach you a few,
if you like.
[laughs]
[Hanson] All right, then.
We've recovered
the Gratan's balloon again.
Luckily, it caught up with us
as we were racing through
the woods,
but I guess it's
better late than never.
It's under repair as we speak,
which means--
Good! That's very good!
It means we can strike them
from both the land
and the sea simultaneously.
Why do I always
have to be the one
to mend this stupid balloon?
[Ayerton]
How's it coming, Marie?
I'm working on it!
[Hanson] As you see,
Gonzalez' vehicle is located
at the top of the hill,
which gives it a view
of the entire vicinity.
There's no direction
from which the Gratan
or the balloon could strike
without being detected.
So we just give up?
We can't use the equipment,
so we might as well kiss the
ladies a fun farewell, Hanson!
We can't even think
of giving up at this point!
What I was going to say
was that we can win this.
As long as we are convinced
of our victory!
[insects chirping]
[Gonzalez] They're late!
Just who do they think
they're dealing with?
Oh, everything's
gonna be all right,
so don't get yourself
into a snit, cuddle bear.
That poor little lion,
he doesn't have too much time
left to live now, does he?
Fool! You could never hope
to best Hamahama.
Hamahama has never been defeated
in battle before, Gonzalez.
Now, now, ladies should be
demure and silent
and concern themselves
with womanly matters.
Women should
be graceful and sweet
and not worry
their pretty little heads.
-They should know their place.
-[growls]
Look, we have a slim chance
at winning this thing.
There's a river running
right next to the hill.
We can charge
from that direction.
He won't expect
an aquatic attack.
No, he won't.
But the river's far too narrow
for the Katherine to navigate.
Ah, but I thought of that.
I've already custom-installed
two of the Gratan's screws
onto Hamahama's canoe
so that it can make
a considerably faster approach.
Hmm.
Wonderful idea!
Modern science and traditional
culture joining together
so that we may launch
our attacks in concert
with each other!
What is my role
in this terrific plan?
We will
definitely need something
to draw Gonzalez' attention away
from the point of attack,
so you will launch
a full frontal attack
on the armored vehicle
while we come
up from behind him.
A decoy?
But tell me, Hanson,
what will become
of the Katherine here?
I've already made peace with it.
We must risk
the loss of everything
to rescue King and the ladies
from that despicable man.
Therefore, we must give up
the Gratan if we must.
So, I see.
Well, we must
do what we have to.
It is decided.
I will act as the decoy to
draw away Gonzalez' attention.
-To you, Jean.
-King is part of the plan, too.
We must make him drink a dose of
the red fruit juice once again.
Right. It will give him
a sudden burst of strength.
And with his newfound strength,
he'll be able to
break free of his bonds.
And at that point,
I'll send in
Red King to take his place.
Well, what an excellent plan!
Only one small problem.
How are we going
to get King to drink the juice
while he's tied
up to that cross?
Our only chance is to shoot it
directly into his mouth.
Good idea!
Lucky, we have
a marksman on hand.
Explain to me
why I have to be the decoy now.
Ah, it's because you have proven
such as a wonderful skill
for driving, Count Ayerton.
But that's not fair, Sanson.
What if he ends up breaking
the Gratan all over again?
Then you'll fix it.
You said yourself
you're willing to give it up.
Yes! But I don't
want to lose her
just because he can't drive her!
We need to go now!
Fine. But I'll be in there, too.
And Marie and
I will take the balloon.
And me?
You launch Red King
from the boat, Jean.
I'm with Jean.
Then everything's set.
We must now stay true
to our purpose, boys!
In a few short hours,
King, Nadia, and Grandis
will be rescued safely
from that violent little bug,
even if we have to get violent.
We got to give
it everything we got!
My village has a war cry
it uses before battle.
-What is it?
-Onta-barai!
[all] Onta-barai!
[upbeat music playing]
[engine revving]
-[yells]
-[engine roars]
Oh, what have we here?
What an unusual stone.
It's not the kind
of gem you think it is,
so keep your filthy
hands off of it, scoundrel!
It's the Blue Water!
And even
I couldn't take it from her.
You should listen to her!
[Gonzalez] I see why
you wanted it.
It's quite
a remarkable specimen, isn't it?
In all of Africa, I've never
seen a glowing diamond before.
-Thank you for giving it to me.
-You can't take it!
[vehicle revving]
Would you mind
driving a bit faster, please?
It is beneath my
station as a nobleman
to drive as
recklessly as Sanson does.
You don't say.
-[engine roaring]
-[Ayerton yells]
There's our signal!
But I don't see the canoe yet.
Blast! What in the world
are those two waiting for?
[Jean] Red King
will rescue Nadia!
It's all taken care of.
[Hamahama] Not so fast!
I already promised Nadia
that I would rescue her!
Listen now, Hamahama.
I'll rescue Nadia
and then you can go
and rescue Miss Grandis!
No! I can't break a promise!
I will rescue Nadia!
-[crash]
-[both yelling]
So, sweetheart,
are you going to give me
that big beautiful
stone as a present?
Wait, give it to...
me!
Well, it will be
extremely difficult
to give it to the both of you
at the same time.
-Impossible, actually.
-No!
It's not
an ordinary gem, Gonzalez!
Idiot!
Wasting the Blue Water
on those floozies!
These lovely ladies
have served me quite well
during my exploits.
In addition to which,
they are much younger than
you are, my dear.
I'll have you know
I'm still in my 20s, you cad!
Your 20s?
But ma'am, I'm only
20 years old on the dot.
And look at me,
I'm two months younger.
And I have nice,
clear skin, too.
[woman]
And look, those wrinkles.
[laughter]
I can't stand
this nonsense any longer!
Huh?
[upbeat music playing]
[grunting]
[laughs]
This is my moment!
[gulps]
[growls]
I think you might've
killed him, Sanson!
Huh? [gasps]
-I'm coming!
-Hey! Wait!
-Ah!
-This is the last time
you make a fool out of me,
you splintered toothpick!
Help me! Whoa!
[Nadia] Got it!
[Gonzalez] Oh, no, you don't!
Hand it over to me
or the redhead gets it.
Don't listen to him, Nadia!
He doesn't have the brains or
the guts to shoot me like this.
-[Gonzalez] You sure about that?
-[gun clicks]
[panting]
I'm gonna rescue Nadia
with my invention!
No! I'll rescue
her with my boomerang!
-[yells]
-[Jean] Go get her!
-[glass breaks]
-What?
[grunts]
Hamahama!
-Let's get out of here!
-Right!
[whistles]
-[boings]
-[grunts]
-[Marie] King!
-Nadia!
-[King yelps]
-A one, a two,
and... three!
-[laughs]
-Wow!
Great catch! Huh?
[Sanson] The Katherine!
-The Katherine!
-[Marie] The what?
How do I stop
this vile contraption?
Try that brake, you nimrod!
-[brakes screeching]
-[Ayerton yells]
[crash]
[Nadia screams]
-Nadia!
-[both] Nadia!
[yells]
[both] Nadia!
-[Nadia grunts]
-[water splashes]
[horse whinnies]
[groans] [gasps]
[laughs]
Jamba.
[Jean] Another
victory for science!
I don't think you have
any reason to be so happy!
[Gonzalez groaning]
Damn you, Grandis!
Don't worry, they escaped
but left
their lion behind with us!
Then we still have something to
trade for Hamahama's treasure,
don't we?
Is it just me or is there
something funny about its color?
-What's that strange noise?
-Hmm?
[beeping]
-[explosion]
-[all screaming]
Ha! I added a few tricks up
Red King's sleeve!
You must be the cruelest
boy alive, Jean Roque Raltique!
Sorry, Nadia.
I didn't keep my promise to you.
You tried your best, Hamahama.
And that's all
that really matters to me.
Now then, let me introduce you
to Muramura.
-Jabba.
-Jamba.
[all] Huh?
Muramura
is about to become my wife!
-Oh, I see.
-Oh, really?
We were betrothed
when we were just children.
-Like me and King!
-[gasps]
And guess what?
She knows the way to Tartessos!
[dramatic music playing]
[Sanson] It took a bit of doing,
but everything worked out
in the end
and we even found
Nadia's birthplace to boot!
Yes, yes, yes.
It's always good
to remember this.
Happy memories
can come out of sad events.
Yes, yes, yes.
[Sanson] Nadia is very fortunate
to have boys
worrying about her welfare.
Yes, yes, yes.
[Sanson]
And some men still care
for Miss Granva.
[both] Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Cheer up, girls!
Don't be such gloomy Glendas!
Yeah, Nadia!
You know I'll always be there!
-Hey, Jean!
-Yes?
I really hate you. Got that?
Boy, so stubborn!
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]